[Music]
following a threat of revenge by the
revived Emperor Palpatine kylo Ren
obtains a synth wayfinder leading him to
the uncharted planet X eagle there he
finds Palpatine who reveals that he
created Snoke as a puppet to control the
first order and lure kylo to the dark
side
Palpatine unveils the final order a
secret armada of Star Destroyers and
tells kylo to find and kill Rey who is
continuing her Jedi training under
resistance leader Leia Organa Finn and
Poe Dameron deliver Intel from a spy
that Palpatine is on vex eagle ray has
learned from Luke Skywalker's notes that
a synth wayfinder can lead them there
rey finn poe Chewbacca bb-8 and c-3po
depart in the Millennium Falcon to
personna where a clue to a Wayfinder is
hidden
kylo initiates a force bond with Rey to
discover her location he travels to
Pisano with his warrior subordinates the
Knights of Ren with the help of Lando
Calrissian
Rey and her friends find the clue a
dagger inscribed with SIF text which
c-3po is programming forbids him from
interpreting and the remains of a jedi
hunter named OG and his ship sensing
that kylo is nearby ray goes to confront
him the first order captures the Falcon
Chewbacca and the dagger attempting to
save Chewbacca Rey accidentally destroys
a first order transport with forced
lightning believing that Chewbacca was
killed the group escapes on OG ship poza
jests traveling takuji me to extract the
sith text from c-3po x' memory the
process reveals coordinates to a
Wayfinder rey senses Chewbacca is alive
and the group mounts a rescue mission
while kylo searches for Rey the group
infiltrates his Star Destroyer with the
help of Zuri bliss an old acquaintance
of posts Rey recovers the dagger and has
visions of og killing her parents with
it
kylo informs her that she is Palpatine's
granddaughter the Sith Lord had ordered
og to recover Rey as a child but her
parents hid her on jakku to protect her
general Hux saves poe finn and Chewbacca
from execution revealing himself as the
spy he permits the group to escape on
the Falcon but as discovered intact
secured the group arrives on a moon in
the end or system where Ray locates the
wayfinder on the remains of the second
Death Star upon touching the artifact
she has a vision of herself as a sith
having tracked them kylo destroys rays
wayfinder and duels her dying leia calls
to kylo through the force distracting
him as rey impales him sensing Leia's
death ray heals kylo and takes a ship to
exile herself on act 2 there luke's
force spirit encourages ray to face
Palpatine and gives her Leia's
lightsaber ray leaves 4x ago in Luke's
x-wing fighter using the wayfinder from
kylo ship meanwhile kylo converses with
a memory of his father han Solo he
throws away his lightsaber and reclaims
his identity as Ben solo Palpatine has
one of his super laser equipped Star
Destroyers obliterate Tajimi Rey
transmits her coordinates to r2d2
allowing the resistance to follow her 2x
ago where she confronts Palpatine he
demands she kill him to transfer his
spirit into her Lando brings
reinforcements from across the galaxy to
join the battle Ben overpowers the
Knights of Ren and joins Rey but
Palpatine drains their power to
rejuvenate himself he attacks the
resistance fleet with force lightning
and incapacitate Sven weakened ray hears
the voices of past Jedi who lend her
their strength
Palpatine attacks her with lightning but
ray deflects it using the Skywalker
lightsabers killing him and herself Ben
uses the force to revive her at the cost
of his own life
Rey kisses Ben before he dies the
resistance defeat Palpatine's Armada
while people across the galaxy rise up
against the first order the resistance
returns to their base to celebrate after
the celebration Rey visits luke's
abandoned childhood home on Tatooine and
buries the skywalker lightsabers having
built her own a passerby asks her name
as the spirits of Luke and Leia watch
she replies Rey Skywalker
[Music]
you